you see real footage recorded
witnessed the incident on the road
which one of its members is rude
violates the law the attacker starts
beat man then picks up
gun threatens beats the gun victim
attacks helplessly man raises
hands humbly allows himself to be beaten
I hope that the striker is still not
will shoot and all this could
end differently for ordinary
human dispute on the road is not yet
reason to shoot a pistol if
There is no threat to life and health
no weapon can be used
however, lovers of fights on the roads
spit on the law you may not be threatened
only traumatic but also gunshot
arms and so how to speak if in the hands
have an aggressive person
pistol
options two humbly wait for him
either calm down or shoot an option
at the risk of getting a bullet to do something
for your protection
cases of traumatic weapons
shoot people without any valid
reasons
a huge number of shots here which
can be freely seen on the Internet
in all these cases, people who
shot from traumatians could not
and did not have time to do anything to
prevent a pistol shot
Of course the choice is whether to defend him from
threats of traumatic weapons or
rely on the prudence of the attacker
everyone does for himself however if
consider the practical aspect
action is what can be done in this
situations
what is the problem
if we put a gun, then we can already
treat as a threat to life and
health and apply self-defense techniques
and now I will reveal the secrets of it
reception see we leave the line of fire
grab the hand the gun is already looking in
the other side
then goes knocking the gun out of your hand
look like that
not palm not edge of the palm about powerful
movement of the forearm the gun flies out of
arms
then comes a punch to the head 1 2 3
we are stuck in and hit the knee
belly or according to such tough measures need
in order to force aggressive
attacker with weapon stop
attack he failed to attack again
let's show quickly again this trick
look and so raised their hands go away with
line of fire we pour out the gun hit the head
blow and blow to everything goes literally
one and a half two seconds and necessarily
necessary when you knock out a gun
drop the attacker's stroke as you can
you will have a few seconds in order
to leave again real video
fixed by outdoor cameras
observations as a result of conflict on
road participants start shooting each
friend of a traumatic pistol sweat
beating all this footage addition
what happens on the roads every day
let's consider the situation when you
sit in the car you are threatened
traumatic weapons on the doors and windows
you are closed so here is one very important
Do not open the board
the doors do not go out do not disassemble and
still closed doors and windows is
for you though not very reliably on
rubber bullet protection if an attacker
opened the door and threatens you with a pistol
you have every reason to apply
traumatic weapon
but there is one feature legally
it is very difficult to apply the law forbids
shoot less than one
meters shoot in the head in the neck in the area
from iv to
in the end, if we talk about survival, then
some cases you will have to break
the law if only to comply with the letter of the law
then chances of salvation can be
destroyed is real life